MM-32227 - Update docs for saved messages (#4298)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/telemetry.rst

  - *Sign-in Diagnostics:* Login succeeded or failed for email, LDAP, or SAML/SSO; logout succeeded; switched authentication method from email to LDAP or SAML/SSO or vice versa; reset password; updated password
  - *Navigation Discovery Diagnostics:* Joined a channel from the "More" list, through an invite or by clicking a public link; created a channel, direct, or group direct message conversation; renamed, joined, left or deleted an existing channel; updated header or purpose; added or removed members; updated channel notification preferences; loaded more messages in a channel; switched a channel or a team; opened the "More" modal for channels or direct message conversations; updated team name; invited members; updated account settings
  - *Core Feature Discovery Diagnostics:* Created, edited or deleted a message; posted a message containing a hashtag, link, mention or file attachment; searched for a term; searched for saved posts or recent mentions

>   - *Advanced Feature Discovery Diagnostics:* Reacted to a message; favorited or un-favorited a channel; saved or un-saved a message; pinned or un-pinned a message; replied to a message; expanded the right-hand sidebar; started or finished a WebRTC video call (only in v5.5 and earlier); created or deleted a personal access token; added or removed post:all or post:channels permission; created a category in the sidebar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - *Advanced Feature Discovery Diagnostics:* Reacted to a message; favorited or unfavorited a channel; saved or unsaved a message; pinned or unpinned a message; replied to a message; expanded the right-hand sidebar; started or finished a WebRTC video call (only in v5.5 and earlier); created or deleted a personal access token; added or removed post:all or post:channels permission; created a category in the sidebar
```
